we're trying out two brand-new
strawberry based recipes first up an
unusual take on the classic strawberries
and cream the stories in there yeah to
get the most out of our fruit we're
bathing it in sugar and lemon that's
gonna release all the juices for a
little sharpness kumquats
if anyone who's never had tasted a
kumquat before yeah it's like a mix
between a lemon and an orange it's very
citrusy and really sharp yes and it has
like a surprising quality of that when
yes mmm
this is the milk base milk corn flour
and sugar
let's just be thickened to make this
super rich we're adding an ingredient
you wouldn't expect in and Lolly ricotta
cheese kind of whisk it in so that it's
really well blended and fresh cream then
our magic ingredient to give this Lonnie
its summer bloom but two teaspoon to
start with when you're working together
in the kitchen and creating do you guys
ever bicker yeah but we have different
ideas about things I mean I think I like
to like heighten the flavor until you
can't heighten it any more yeah I'm more
creative but you're more sensible you
know your your experience and everything
today I'm the orange blossom umpire more
to go with our flowery kumquat ricotta
cream mixture pureed strawberries to
make a swirled effect
we're alternating the two different
mixtures and then you put your fancy
contraption very high-tech into the
molds into the freezer see that's it
our second lolli will be translucent the
base is a sugar syrup flavor
with hibiscus and tarragon I didn't put
too much hibiscus in Paragons not too
strong like that I like that a lot
we're suspending chopped strawberries
all the way through this is like
everything about this I slowly is summer
it couldn't be simpler just cover the
fruit with the syrup done thanks to
sticks in and then into the freezer
while we're coming up with some new
flavors at their West London Factory
they're preparing for the summer rush
ice kitchen works around the clock to
produce eight thousand lollies a day to
satisfy a growing demand and I'm hoping
our new recipes will be good enough to
join the production line it should be
the moment of truth so first up our
gourmet twist on strawberries and cream
with ricotta kumquats and orange blossom
topped off with melted chocolate and
pistachios
[Music]
toppings are a fun way to make any lolly
extra-special man I think the ricotta
adds another dimension yeah but what do
you think it'll calm quat for me I like
it cause it just breaks you know what
was in cream classic British summer
flavors tennis you know that's what I
think when I think the strawberries and
cream but this is such a good play on on
the classic next up our syrup based
strawberries with hibiscus and tarragon
so yeah you see the tarragon
straightaway yeah oh good good that's a
winner that's a winner I think with the
tarragon are you keeping it are you
keeping this one I listened to the range
I think you should keep this one I think
we should be eating ice lollies all year
round
forget the summer like always ever
you
[Music]